[Music]
we finally have a white and blue gaming
laptop this is the Dell g7 it's kind of
like a refresh or an update from the
75-77 from last year that Inspiron
laptop which is a really big seller so
this is kind of like version 2 of it if
you want to call it that but it's been
rebranded it's not an Inspiron product
and more it's called the Dell g7 and
aesthetically speaking this is obviously
very different the white and blue color
scheme is fresh for this year but it
also comes in a black version like a
black and blue version which also looks
quite nice now the white material is
actually way nicer than I thought it'd
be it's not like a flat or even like a
glossy plastic it's this satin finish
that looks kind of pearlescent almost
it's a really nice looking color and the
blue on the logo is metallic and has
this kind of greenish aqua
reflectiveness to it if you like blue
and if you like white you're gonna love
the aesthetics on this laptop now the
build quality of this device has
actually improved from last year it was
well built last year it's even better
this year the chassis has been
reinforced I'm not seeing much flex when
I press down on the keyboard deck which
is actually nice to see on a device
that's predominantly plastic same thing
with the hinge it was never a
problematic hinge or anything despite it
being closer to the center but it has
actually been improved it feels a little
bit stiffer and just more robust than
the previous version so that seventy
five seven seven from last year the
keyboard deck itself is this dark navy
blue and the keyboard lighting is also
blue now I'm glad they didn't go with
the red because a red light on this
would have just destroyed the aesthetics
but I don't love that blue light despite
my love for blue I feel like it would
have been better with a white light
because the blue wavelength is actually
a little more fatiguing on your eyes
like if you're using this thing at max
brightness on the keyboard lights and
you're using it late at night it can get
a little bit tiring so other things that
have changed the screen it's gotten
thinner bezels ever so slightly than the
previous version but the panel itself is
actually a much nicer panel so this is
now using the auo
63 IDI which is actually one of my
favorite panels on budget gaming laptops
it's got respectable brightness and the
color gamut out of the box is pretty
good but the feature that makes it
special is the fact that you can
overclock it so coming out of the box it
runs at 60 Hertz so that means your
games are gonna be capped visually at 60
frames per second this is a panel and
this might void your warranty but this
is a panel that can theoretically be
overclocked to like a hundred
I'll drop a link down the description if
your interest in this stuff but I really
like the panel the bezels are a little
bit thick and the color of the plastic
that we used is black which doesn't
match that kind of metallic navy blue
they have on the keyboard deck so
there's a little bit of like color
mismatching going on which it's not the
worst thing in the world but it would've
been nice if this was blue as well the
port selection is kind of standard the
one that sticks out is the Thunderbolt 3
port this supports four lanes of PCIe
the internals of the laptop are very
easy to get into it's a single screw and
that screws mounted on a c-clip so you
couldn't even lose a screw if you tried
and I just feel like more devices should
be built like this just really easy
access for the end-user inside you have
access to the two RAM slots and nvme a
two and a half inch SATA and they're
using the Intel 9564 Wi-Fi which is a
fantastic card I'm actually surprised at
using this instead of some cheaper one
and you also have the battery 56 watt
hours it's not a huge battery you're
gonna get around four and a half hours
of battery life with the screen at 215
it's it's kind of like a mediocre
battery life it would have been cool if
they'd gone with that big battery from
two years ago the seven five six seven
that thing had a 74 watt hour very big
battery this is kind of like middle of
the pack average kind of battery life
it's still respectable though the things
that haven't changed so the speakers are
always quite good this particular device
doesn't have a sub like some of the
older Dell laptops but the sound quality
is good and speaker location up front is
nice the keyboard feels pretty much
unchanged to me if there were
improvements it's very subtle the lay it
was good
I've always liked the layout on this but
the keystrokes are they're a little bit
softer and just not as responsive as
some of the higher-end gaming laptops it
is a decent keyboard though especially
for the money and I'd rather have a
softer mechanism like this than a crappy
layout from other laptops the touchpad
is also unchanged it's got Windows
precision drivers with a plastic surface
the tracking experience is nice the
button mechanics are also good it's a
very clean and simple button nothing
like super complicated it's crazy that a
device like this at this price point has
a better trackpad experience than some
devices that are like double the price
okay performance on this thing is great
the device I have has the six core 8750
H it's an awesome processor for
multi-core applications the GTX 1050 Ti
it also delivers really strong
performance for the money you can get a
10 60 mm
q config if he wants more kick the
thermals are also excellent no
throttling and stress tests with very
reasonable fan noise onload the webcam
up top is kind of like your standard
gaming laptop webcam nothing special but
gets the job done okay
there's a few things that I don't like
about this laptop primarily it's the
thickness like the bezels are a little
bit thick and the device was thick and
in 2018 a lot of companies are aiming
for thinner and lighter and just this
looks not as elegant as some of those
other laptops out there but it does have
its advantages because if any of a
device it's a little bit thicker a
little bit heavier it's just gonna be a
little more durable so if you treat your
laptops more rough then maybe consider
something like this because it's just
gonna last a little bit longer now this
is a device that I'm obviously very
partial to because of its color but
despite that even if they kept the red
and black from the previous version this
is an amazing laptop it's got great
components it's got really good thermals
and a really nice screen that you can
potentially overclock it's got a lot of
good stuff going for it especially at
this price point another thing I like
about it is that it's a
second-generation product right like the
7 5 7 7 from last year I would consider
the first generation they've done a lot
of stuff on the inside to just kind of
improve the build quality and the
overall product it's like it's nice to
see a 2nd gen do as well as this one has
and it's white and blue ok hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs you liked it
subs you've loved it I feel like I've
opened in close to 100 times this video